you
greetings Weezy's it's August eleventh
after listening to all your song
submissions last night I grew tired so
excuse me if I seem a bit stationary
today in the comments I hate the shirts
too said that I looked shaggy I don't
know what you are talking about that
makes me angry I'm not going to dignify
that with a response billions of you
sent in awesome songs about chips and
salsa to see if you could win the
benzene t-shirt featured in many of my
movies today is the day we decide the
winner my entire cast and crew worked
hard all night trying to figure out
which song was the best and you know who
showed up to help Kelly Clarkson and
Chewbacca and a hamster then one guy
left and came back upside down you my
brand new windows were no help at all it
was a long difficult process but I think
we handled him with ease and we finally
decided on a winner thanks to all of you
for submitting I enjoyed all of your
songs the amazing feat award goes to
chase writer of yum yum yum you get a
prize the fourth season of coupling the
worst season the award for saying the
word salsa a ridiculous amount of times
in one song goes to Chris writer of
chips and salsa for your award you get
the key for the old lock to my apartment
we got new locks this is the grand prize
the benzene t-shirt created by Ashley
and the winner is inclement weather for
their creatively title song chips and
salsa check it out now chips and salsa
are fun to eat it's an authentic mexican
treats on my screen or red or spicy or
mild anyway you bake it i'll eat it fuck
you get the idea
no I like it mild I like it clean i like
it somewhere in between i'll eat hot
i'll eat it right on till steam grows
out my head server it out shove it up
server in a Dixie cup take you too spicy
town okay you heard me bitch salsa comes
from onions and tomatoes garlic and
peppers and some but you're not potatoes
it's really didn't ship and stuff it in
your face I say